Project Gutenberg's Wehman Bros.' Vaudeville Jokes No. 1., by Anonymous

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of
the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org.  If you are not located in the United States, you'll have
to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook.

Title: Wehman Bros.' Vaudeville Jokes No. 1.

Author: Anonymous

Release Date: December 20, 2019 [EBook #60973]

Language: English

Character set encoding: UTF-8

*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK WEHMAN BROS.' VAUDEVILLE JOKES #1 ***




Produced by David Edwards, Sue Clark, and the Online
Distributed Proofreading Team at http://www.pgdp.net









  WEHMAN BROS.’
  VAUDEVILLE
  JOKES
  No. 1.


  PUBLISHED BY
  WEHMAN BROS., 126 Park Row,
  NEW YORK.

  Copyright, MCMVII, by WEHMAN BROS.




WEHMAN BROS.’ BOOK ON HOW TO BECOME AN American Citizen

PRICE 15 CENTS.

[Illustration]

This new and revised edition has been compiled to the present time,
and contains valuable information for a foreigner to know before
becoming a citizen of the land of his adoption. This practical volume
embraces the following, viz:--Declaration of Independence--Articles
of Confederation--Constitution of the United States--Time required to
procure residence in the United States, and the States of the United
States--Declaration of Allegiance--Proof of Residence--Admission of
Aliens--Questions asked (and their answers) by the United States,
District and State Supreme Courts--Costs of Fees, etc. It is
well-printed, on a good quality of paper, and bound in colored cover,
and will be sent by mail, postpaid, to any address on receipt of
=15 Cents=.

--> _Persons in Foreign Countries must remit by POST OFFICE MONEY
ORDER._

--> _FOREIGN COIN, STAMPS, OR POSTAL NOTES NOT ACCEPTED._

Address all orders to WEHMAN BROS., 158 Park Row, New York.




WEHMAN BROS.’

Vaudeville Jokes No. 1.


The coalman’s season may be the winter, and the summer the iceman’s
harvest, so that it’s possible the milkman finds his greatest profit in
the spring.

       *       *       *       *       *

What is the difference between a grocer who uses false weights and a
highwayman?

The tradesman lies in weight, while the highwayman lies in wait.

       *       *       *       *       *

I saw Romeo and Juliet in a restaurant last night. Juliet ordered some
soft-shelled crabs and Romeo ordered a cup of tea. Now, the question
arises, does Rome-o for what Juli-et?

       *       *       *       *       *

You know my girl? Her name is Plaster. I go to court Plaster every
night. She is a poor girl, but there are lots of other girls as por-ous
Plaster. I took her out riding the other day, when the horse ran away
and threw her out and broke her leg in four places, and her arm in
three places. I got some sticking plaster and put on her leg and arm,
and then carried her home. Next morning she wouldn’t speak to me.

Why not?

She was too stuck up.

       *       *       *       *       *

How old did you say your daughter was?

Twenty-two.

Gracious, but she’s young for her age.

       *       *       *       *       *

George Washington was the bravest man in the world. He was never licked
in his life.

Oh, yes he was; he was licked on a postage stamp.

Then they had to do it behind his back.

       *       *       *       *       *

It has been asked when rain falls, does it ever get up again?

Of course it does, in dew time.

       *       *       *       *       *

I dared to go up on Broadway to-day and a team ran over me. Just as I
was getting up, the driver shouted: “Look out!”

And what did you say?

I said: “Are you coming back?”

       *       *       *       *       *

I went to church last Sunday and lost my umbrella. I got up in the
congregation and said if I didn’t get my umbrella I would come here
next Sunday and mention the party’s name that had it. Next morning when
I woke up, my back yard was full of umbrellas.

       *       *       *       *       *

If your stomach continues to trouble you, you will have to diet.

What color do you prefer?

       *       *       *       *       *

When you put on your stockings, why are you sure to make a mistake?

Because you put your foot in it.

       *       *       *       *       *

“Did I ever tell you the story about the empty box?”

“You did not. Tell me about it.”

“No use--there’s nothing in it.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“The President is going to have his name stamped on eighty million
toothpicks.”

“Yes. He wants his name in everybody’s mouth.”

       *       *       *       *       *

When I die I’m going to take all my gold and silver with me.

Don’t you do it.

Why?

Because it will melt where you are going.

       *       *       *       *       *

Oh, I’m the flower of my family, all right.

I wonder if that’s what your brother meant yesterday when he said you
were a blooming idiot?

       *       *       *       *       *

The young man in love doesn’t care so much about having a yacht at sea
as having a little smack ashore.

       *       *       *       *       *

How do you spell mule?

M-l-e.

That isn’t right; you left something out.

Yes. I left _you_ out.

       *       *       *       *       *

“How are you to-day?”

“Oh, I can’t kick.”

“Thought you were ill.”

“I am--I have the gout.”

       *       *       *       *       *

A little girl went to the drug store for some pills.

“Anti-bilious?” asked the clerk. “No, sir. It’s my uncle,” replied the
little girl.

       *       *       *       *       *

That’s my umbrella you have there.

Well, I got it in a pawnshop.

Yes, I soaked it away for a rainy day.

       *       *       *       *       *

“Yes, I have seen the day when Mr. Rich, the millionaire, did not have
a pair of shoes to cover his feet.”

“And when was that, pray?”

“At the time he was bathing.”

       *       *       *       *       *

How do you like my suit?

A beautiful suit; who made it?

Carrie Nation.

Why, is she a tailor?

Yes, she made all the saloonkeepers close.

       *       *       *       *       *

What are you crying about?

A horse ran away with my brother, threw him out of the carriage, and he
has been laid up for six months.

Why, that’s nothing. My brother had a terrible accident, too; only his
was different; he ran away with the horse. He’s laid up now for six
years.

       *       *       *       *       *

What are you doing now?

I’m brakes-man on a canal boat.

What are the duties of a brakes-man on a canal boat?

Breaking up wood for the cook.

       *       *       *       *       *

I see they are going to have umbrellas made square.

What for?

Because they are not safe to leave a-round.

       *       *       *       *       *

Corbett, the prize-fighter, has sold the right to a whiskey firm to
name a new brand after him. No doubt it will be a good liquor to make
strong punches with.

       *       *       *       *       *

“And now that we are married, dear, how do you think I will strike your
mother?”

“Good gracious, Reuben! You’re not going to begin abusing mother right
away, are you?”

       *       *       *       *       *

Did you hear about it--my wife is married.

To whom?

Why, to me, of course.

       *       *       *       *       *

Why is a woman’s knee and a Jew alike?

I don’t know.

They are both sheeneys.

       *       *       *       *       *

“Doctor,” said the friend, stopping him on the street, “what do you
take for a heavy cold?” “A fee,” replied the doctor, softly, and he
passed on.

       *       *       *       *       *

_Mrs. Peck_ (hearing a racket in the hall)--What are you up to now,
Henry?

_Mr. Peck_ (feebly)--I’m not up to anything, my dear. I just fell down
stairs.

       *       *       *       *       *

I got on a train to-day and rode as far as Yonkers, and the conductor
came around and looked at my ticket and said: “Young man, you are on
the wrong train.” I had to get off and walk all the way back to New
York again. I got on another train and went out about thirty miles, and
the conductor came around and looked at my ticket and said: “Young man,
you are on the wrong train.” I had to get off and walk back to New York
again. I got on another train, and, of course, was mad and began to
swear; a minister, sitting in a seat behind me, said: “Young man, stop
your swearing. Do you know you are on the road to hell?” I said: “Here
I am on the wrong train again,” and I had to get off.

       *       *       *       *       *

“You would be a good dancer but for two things.”

“What are they?”

“Your feet.”

       *       *       *       *       *

_Gas Man_--Hello! Tom, what are you doing these days?

_Pork Packer_--I’m in the meat business. What are you doing?

_Gas Man_--I go you one degree better. I’m in the meter business.

       *       *       *       *       *

I went fishing to-day.

What did you catch?

I caught a good eel.

While I was fishing to-day I was standing in water six feet deep.

Oh, come off the perch.

       *       *       *       *       *

I see your sister is getting quite stout now.

Yes; she is working in a studio.

What has that got to do with it?

Why, she works in the developing room.

       *       *       *       *       *

Who was George Washington’s father?

Who?

Old man Washington, of course.

       *       *       *       *       *

I’m surprised at you squandering so much money on a phonograph.

Well, money talks, you know.

       *       *       *       *       *

“Well, well, the greed of these policemen!”

“What’s the matter now?”

“Why, haven’t you heard about this new Copper Trust?”

       *       *       *       *       *

Do you attend the bicycle school now?

No. They’re having a terrible falling off of pupils up there.

       *       *       *       *       *

If a man should cut off his knee, where would he go to get another one?

Where?

To Africa.

Why?

That’s where the ne-groes.

       *       *       *       *       *

How is your wife now?

Oh, she’s all right, I guess.

She’s got you guessing, eh?

       *       *       *       *       *

“Witness, did you ever see the prisoner at the bar?” “Oh, yes, that’s
where I got acquainted with him.”

       *       *       *       *       *

I sat before a great artist to-day for my picture.

What did he say?

Wanted to know what color I wanted my nose painted!

       *       *       *       *       *

_Benedict_--“I’ve been carrying the baby around the door for a week
back.”

_Bachelor_--“Carrying the baby for a week back? Pshaw! That’s no remedy
at all. What you want for a weak back is a porous plaster.”

       *       *       *       *       *

I went black-berrying to-day.

You did?

Yes. I went to a colored funeral.

       *       *       *       *       *

“What did de lady do when yer asked her for an old collar?”

“She gave me a turndown.”

       *       *       *       *       *

The owner says if we don’t pay our rent he will make it hot for us.

Tell him to go ahead. That’s more than the janitor has ever done.

       *       *       *       *       *

I went out to feed the horse this morning, and he had his bridle on and
couldn’t eat a bit.

       *       *       *       *       *

“I never play whist except for fun.” “Neither do I; only somebody else
generally has the fun.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Billy, does your mother give you anything if you take your medicine
without crying?” “No; but she gives me something if I don’t.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“What if I were one of those husbands, my dear, who get up cross in the
morning and bang things about because the coffee is cold?” _Wife_: “I
would make it hot for you.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“So you asked old Crusty for his daughter, eh? How did you come out?”
“Through the window!”

       *       *       *       *       *

“I wish you’d pay a little attention to what I say.” “I am, my dear--as
little as possible.”

       *       *       *       *       *

_Emmy_--“I’ve got an invite to the Charity Ball, but not the least idea
what I am to go in. What would you wear if you had my complexion?”
_Fanny_--“A thick veil.”

       *       *       *       *       *

I have got a brother that hasn’t slept a night in two months.

How is that?

He is a night-watchman and sleeps day times.

       *       *       *       *       *

“Were you moved when the old gentleman said you could never marry his
daughter?” “Yes; I was moved half way across the sidewalk.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“I hear you had some money left you.” “Yes, it left me long ago.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“What makes that fat boy talk so much?” “Oh! can’t you see he’s got a
double chin?”

       *       *       *       *       *

“What is the height of your ambition, dear?” “Oh, something between
five and a half and six feet.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“How do you make chickens good fighters?”

“Feed them scraps.”

       *       *       *       *       *

A man thrown from a horse, the other day, said, as he picked himself
up, that he thought he had improved in horsemanship, but, instead had
fallen off.

       *       *       *       *       *

Noah, when he lit a candle, made the first Ark light.

       *       *       *       *       *

“What did you have at the first saloon you stopped at?” asked a lawyer
of a witness in an assault and battery case.

“What did we have? Four glasses of beer, sir.”

“What next?”

“Two glasses of whiskey.”

“Next?”

“One glass of brandy.”

“Next?”

“A FIGHT.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“I’m up against it,” said the wall-paper.

“Hard luck,” replied the horse-shoe over the door.

“Cut it out,” cried the scissors.

“Well, I’ve been walked on lately, too,” remarked the carpet.

“I’ll get some one to look into this,” said the mirror.

“Needn’t,” said the desk, “I haven’t any kick. Everything is all write
for mine.”

“Oh, shut up,” shouted the window shutters.

Whereupon the gas became very angry and, after flaring up, got hot
under the collar, and saying that he refused to throw any light on the
matter, went out.

       *       *       *       *       *

“So you were only seventeen when you married? Well, you didn’t have to
wait long for a husband, did you?”

“Not then, but I do now. He’s at the club five nights a week.”

       *       *       *       *       *

There was an epidemic of measles at our county jail last summer and all
the prisoners “broke out.”

       *       *       *       *       *

At dinner the other day there was a young lady dining opposite me.
I asked her to pass the ice-cream. She did so and I took one big
spoonful. I cried like a child. It was horseradish. The young lady
asked the cause of my grief. I told her I was thinking of old times and
a brother who was hung in Montana. I passed her the “cream.” She took
a spoonful and wept copiously. I inquired why she was crying and she
said: “I’m crying because you weren’t hung the same time your brother
was.”

       *       *       *       *       *

An acrobat practising a “backward spring” had an “early fall.”

       *       *       *       *       *

Is your father still running a bunco game?

My father runs a hotel.

Well, that’s the same thing,--he’s bunking people.

       *       *       *       *       *

My son is an acrobat; he tumbled on a banana peel yesterday.

       *       *       *       *       *

What is a strait?

A rubber-neck.

No, it is a neck running out to sea.

Well, ain’t that a rubber-neck?

       *       *       *       *       *

Two dentists had a fight the other day and the result was a “draw.” A
man who was doing some “bridge work” near by saw the fight and had them
arrested. One was discharged because he had a “pull” with the judge;
the other dentist is now “filling” in time.

       *       *       *       *       *

“I don’t like the way Mr. Jones kisses you.”

“Don’t find fault, papa; remember he’s only just beginning!”

       *       *       *       *       *

A man stole ten thousand dollars in New York and settled in Canada.

       *       *       *       *       *

“My dear, why are you saving those old fly-papers?” “Why, you said you
always have to buy flies when you go fishing.”

       *       *       *       *       *

A church choir played a game of ball the other day. The preacher came
out to the ground to compare “notes,” but made a “short stop,” and when
the “tenor” got put out on “first bass” they went home “alto”-gether.

       *       *       *       *       *

“My husband has given up smoking.”

“It must have taken some will-power.”

“All I had.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“It’s my treat to-night,” said the summer youth, as he bought the ice
cream for the girls on the piazza.

“That’s all right,” said the doctor. “I will treat to-morrow.”

       *       *       *       *       *

Did you ever hear about the egg in the coffee?

No.

That settles it.

       *       *       *       *       *

“What’s the difference between the mumps and the measles?”

“Why, in the mumps you shut up and in the measles you break out.”

       *       *       *       *       *

_Inventor_--If this invention doesn’t work, I’ll--

_Wife_ (alarmed)--W-what, Frank?

_Inventor_--Have to!

       *       *       *       *       *

“What drove you to drink?”

“Thirst.”

       *       *       *       *       *

A colored man by the name of Berry was working for a farmer (who was
somewhat of a wag). Addressing him one morning, he said, “Go gather in
the straw, Berry, and tell the young boys to pick the goose, Berry; the
older ones the elder, Berry; the girls the black, Berry, and don’t look
so blue, Berry.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“I guess your wife made a deep impression on you.”

“Oh, yes, twice.”

“Twice?”

“Yes, once when we first met and another time she hit me on the head
with a rolling pin.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“I suppose she has something saved for a rainy day?”

“Oh, yes; an umbrella and a mackintosh.”

       *       *       *       *       *

Two young ladies took a long tramp through the woods. Who brought him
back?

       *       *       *       *       *

“Hello! waiter, where is that ox tail soup?”

“Coming, sir--half a minute.”

“Confound you! How slow you are.”

“Fault of the soup, sir. Ox tail is always behind.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Were you cool in battle?” “Cool--why, I shivered.”

       *       *       *       *       *

I went out to the races and bet.

How did you come out?

At the gate.

       *       *       *       *       *

“How old are you?”

“Some take me for fifteen.”

“Street cars take me for five.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Brown has seen many a man in a tight place.”

“What is he, a pawnbroker?”

“No, he’s a bartender.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Who is that woman you tipped your hat to this morning?”

“Ah, my boy, I owe a great deal to her.”

“Oh, your mother?”

“No, my washwoman.”

       *       *       *       *       *

Say, do you want to get next to a scheme for making money fast?

Sure I do.

Glue it to the floor.

       *       *       *       *       *

If I ever hit you, you will never forget it.

If I ever hit you, you will never remember it.

       *       *       *       *       *

Why is the ankle between the foot and the knee? To keep the calf from
the corn.

       *       *       *       *       *

“Can’t you read that sign up there? Ten dollars fine for smoking.”

“I am not superstitious, and don’t believe in signs.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“I fell asleep in the grave-yard last night.”

“On the dead?”

       *       *       *       *       *

“What are you doing now?”

“I’m working on the town clock.”

“If that’s so you must be working overtime.”

       *       *       *       *       *

A girl goes into a store to buy garters.

“What kind?”

“Rubber.”

“I’d lose my job if I did.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“I hear your uncle died and left his fortune to an orphan asylum.”

“Yes.”

“What did he leave?”

“Fifteen children.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Do you know ping-pong?”

“Sure! He washes my shirts.”

       *       *       *       *       *

There was a German friend of mine who was quite sick for some time.
The doctor told him he might eat anything he wanted. He told his
wife he believed he would like some Limburger cheese. His wife was a
good-hearted woman; she went out and got twenty pounds of this distinct
cheese, and put some in every room in the house, that he might get a
nip whenever he wanted it (you can imagine the aroma in that house).
The doctor called the next morning, and rang the bell; when the servant
opened the door, the doctor paused a moment, then said, “When did he
die?”

       *       *       *       *       *

“I guess I’ll go out and get the air.”

“If you do I’ll put words to it.”

       *       *       *       *       *

Do you know that I invented smokeless tobacco.

What kind of tobacco is that?

Chewing.

       *       *       *       *       *

When a man longs for money he is generally short.

       *       *       *       *       *

“You have a big head this morning.”

“Yes; I was drinking lots of water last night.”

“Why, you can’t get drunk on water!”

“Certainly, my boy; you can get drunk on water just the same as you can
on land.”

       *       *       *       *       *

A GIRL WANTED (in a bakery).--A _rising_ young woman from the
(y)east, must be _floury_ in speech, well _bread_ and not inclined
to _loaf_, not get _mixed up_, be _pie_-us and sober. To such a one
her _dough_ will be paid every night. Any suitable young girl able
to _cracker_ joke and _kneeding_ this job may apply to Miss LADY
FINGER or LUKE WARMWATER.

_Doughnut_ come unless well recommended. One preferred who can _roll
up_ and _turn over bun_-dles so quickly as to take the _cake_, but not
be _tart_, _snap_-py or _crust_-y or _puff_unctory in her conduct.

       *       *       *       *       *

“Why does your wife use that pretty bathing suit?”

“Just as a matter of form. They’d arrest her, you know, if she went in
without it.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Does your wife miss you much?”

“No; she can throw as straight as I can.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Did you ever see a pig wash?”

“No, but I saw pig iron.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“How is your farm this year?”

“A failure. My potatoes had no eyes and they couldn’t see to grow.”

       *       *       *       *       *

_She_--I hid a $5 bill in this dictionary yesterday and I can’t find it
anywhere.

_He_--Did you look among the Vs, dear?

       *       *       *       *       *

I would never play poker with a dentist.

Why not?

It’s too easy for him to draw and fill.

       *       *       *       *       *

“Well, Tom, what are you working at now?”

“Nutting.”

“Nothing--well, that’s a healthy occupation for a big man.”

“Sure, I work in a nut and bolt factory, putting nuts on bolts, ain’t
that nutting?”

       *       *       *       *       *

I went into a restaurant to-day. The lemon pie that I had was a peach.

That’s nothing, I went into a saloon and had no money, so I let the
beer settle.

       *       *       *       *       *

“I think I’ll celebrate my golden wedding to-morrow.”

“Why, you must be crazy! You’ve only been married a little over a year.”

“I can hardly believe it! It seems like fifty.”

       *       *       *       *       *

What did the Judge say when you sassed him?

He said I was a trifle too free, and gave me sixty days.

       *       *       *       *       *

Just the other day my wife paid Ten Dollars for a pair of silk hose.
I told her that Ten Dollars was too much to pay for a pair of silk
stockings. She said she didn’t care which way the wind blowed, she
wanted something to show for her money.

       *       *       *       *       *

Did you ever hear a fairy story?

Yes, a friend of mine told me about a fairy who pinched his watch.

       *       *       *       *       *

What is the difference between a cat and a match?

A cat lights on its feet and a match lights on its head.

       *       *       *       *       *

“I saw a freak of nature yesterday.”

“What was it?”

“A baby born with human hands and bear feet.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Is your wife a victim of bargain days?”

“No, I’m the victim. She seems to enjoy them.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Horrible fire in the shoe factory.”

“Any lives lost?”

“A thousand souls” (soles).

       *       *       *       *       *

Why did they make the hand on the Statue of Liberty 11 inches long?

I don’t know.

Well if they made it 12 inches it would have been a foot.

       *       *       *       *       *

“My wife plays the piano entirely by ear.”

“That’s nothing! A friend of mine plays a mouth-harp with his nose.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“What would you do if I should kiss you?”

“I should call for help?”

“H’m. Do you really think I’d need any help?”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Do you think there is any danger in going up in a balloon?”

“Not half as much as there is in coming down.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“I married my typewriter.”

“Why?”

“So I can dictate to her.”

       *       *       *       *       *

My wife gave birth to triplets.

Why don’t you tell her to stop her kidding?

       *       *       *       *       *

“May I print a kiss on your cheek?” I asked.

She nodded her sweet permission;

So we went to press, and I rather guess

I printed a large edition.

       *       *       *       *       *

“Stingy Bill won’t pay for a glass of lager.”

“What does he do?”

“Hires root beer.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“There was an accident at Mr. Child’s house yesterday. He broke through
the mattress and fell into the spring.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“My mother-in-law is nearly sixty years old.”

“That’s nothing. If mine lives long enough she’ll be a hundred and
sixty.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Are you still following the races?”

“Yes, but if I ever catch up with them I’m going to quit.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“What is our old friend Hardup doing nowadays?”

“O, he’s gone into real estate.”

“That’s the very last thing I should have supposed he’d do.”

“It was; he’s dead.”

       *       *       *       *       *

When my mother-in-law was sick, I went to her bedside, and began to
cry. She said, “Don’t cry, we will meet in the other world.” I began to
go to church right away.

       *       *       *       *       *

_Passerby_--Say, boy, your dog bit me on the ankle!

_Boy_--Well, dat’s as high as he could reach. You wouldn’t expect a
little pup like him to bite yer neck would yer?

       *       *       *       *       *

“A scoundrel insulted my wife and I walked five miles through a
blinding snow-storm to his home so that I could give him a thrashing.”

“My! but that was a distance to walk to thrash a man. Did you walk
back?”

“No, I rode back in an ambulance.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Is your sister ever out of temper?”

“I should say not. She’s got it to give away.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“What time is it?” asked his wife suspiciously as he came in.

“About one.”

Just then the clock struck three.

“Gracious! when did that clock commence to stutter?” he asked, with a
feeble attempt at justification and a joke.

       *       *       *       *       *

“What’s become of those patent-leather shoes you wore last winter?”

“They have gone to the wall.”

“Why? Wasn’t the leather good?”

“Yes, but the patent expired.”

       *       *       *       *       *

What is the difference between a man and a hen?

A man can lay an egg on a red hot stove without burning himself, and a
hen can’t.

       *       *       *       *       *

My brother had over fifty thousand men under him.

He must have been a great general.

No, he was in a balloon.

       *       *       *       *       *

I wish that the good Lord had made me a man.

Perhaps he has, but you haven’t found him yet.

       *       *       *       *       *

“I fell off a sixty-five foot ladder to-day.”

“It’s a miracle you weren’t killed.”

“Oh, I only fell off the first round.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“There was a fight at the baker shop.”

“What caused it?”

“A stale loaf of bread got fresh.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Do you know my brother?”

“Which one, the one with the smooth face?”

“No, the one with the hair lip. Well, he attempted to beat his wife
last night, and two policemen rushed in just in time to prevent murder.”

“Horrible! Did they take him to jail?”

“No, to the hospital.”

       *       *       *       *       *

If a hen laid an orange, what would her chickens say?

I don’t know; what would they say?

Oh, look at the orange mar-ma-lade.

       *       *       *       *       *

I used to work in a watch factory.

What did you do?

I made faces.

       *       *       *       *       *

“What time is it by thet thar clock, Silas?” inquired the old lady in
the Grand Central depot.

“That ain’t a clock, mother; that’s a weighing machine.”

“Land sakes! What do they have that fur in a depot?”

“So’s the folks kin git away, I s’pose,” said Silas solemnly.

       *       *       *       *       *

How did that sausage that you ate agree with you?

It hurt my liver wurst.

       *       *       *       *       *

A minister was horrified one Sunday to see a boy in the gallery of the
church pelting the hearers in the pews below with horse chestnuts. As
the good man looked up, the boy cried out: “You tend to your preaching,
Mister. I’ll keep ’em awake.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Say, what kind of a race was that you and your wife had?”

“Race? Why, we didn’t have any race.”

“Now, that’s funny. The neighbors told me that you beat her.”

       *       *       *       *       *

We got a cow and she doesn’t give any milk. We take it away from her.

       *       *       *       *       *

“What is the greatest hydraulic feat of the age?”

“Flushing Long Island.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“They say that whiskey has killed more men than bullets.”

“Well, I’d sooner be full of whiskey than bullets, wouldn’t you?”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Hello, is this you, Doctor?”

“Yes,” says Doctor.

“My mother-in-law is at death’s door, so come up at once and help me to
pull her through.”

       *       *       *       *       *

Beer always makes me fat.

Beer makes me lean--against telegraph poles and houses.

       *       *       *       *       *

“Are you sure these corsets are unbreakable?” asked the doubting
customer.

“I have been wearing a pair myself for a year,” said the shop girl,
“and they are not broken yet. And,” she continued, blushing, “I’m
engaged.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“All I have eaten in two days is one bowl of soup.”

“That’s nothing, old chap. I lived two weeks once on water.”

“On water! and you lived?”

“Lived fine. I was spending my vacation on a canal boat.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“When I marry I’ll marry a candy woman.”

“Why?”

“Well, if I don’t like her I can lick her.”

       *       *       *       *       *

A schoolma’am once caught the janitor in a falsehood and thereupon
asked him where he supposed he’d go if he told such stories. The
janitor replied that wherever he went he expected he’d be making fires
for the school-teachers.

       *       *       *       *       *

A drunken barber while shaving a minister cut him. The minister said:
“You see what drink does.”

_Drunken Barber_--“Yes. It makes the skin verra tender.”

       *       *       *       *       *

I saw a terrible accident happen while I was in Chicago. A street-car
run over a little girl and cut both of her hands off. I ran to her and
was going to pick her up, when she hollered, “Hands off!”

       *       *       *       *       *

“How’s your brother?”

“Why, my brother is away for three years.”

“Yes, I was there. I thought he’d get ten.”

“Well, my brother’s smart.”

“You bet. I didn’t think they’d catch him.”

“Well, you never mind my brother.”

“I don’t have to. There are men paid for minding him.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Where do you think I got this collar?”

“Where?”

“Around my neck.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“I’ve got a lot of money in England and I don’t know how to get it over
here.”

“Well, just sit down and think it over.”

       *       *       *       *       *

A western farmer writes to his local paper: “If your people want to see
a big hog, come out to my farm and ask for me.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Ma, what is an angel?”

“An angel is one that flies.”

“Why, Pa says my governess is an angel.”

“Yes, and she’s going to fly, too.”

       *       *       *       *       *

I can’t sing since I worked for a baker.

Why not?

I can’t get any higher than dough.

       *       *       *       *       *

“What did the doctor do after he pulled your teeth?”

“He pulled my leg.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“I understand they can’t play Quo Vadis next season.”

“Why is that?”

“The beef trust has taken the bull away from them.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“They say that Eve is the only woman that never looked behind her to
see what the other woman had on. But then you know she was only a side
issue.”

       *       *       *       *       *

I took a prize once on these roller skates.

How did you do it?

The man wasn’t looking.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mr. and Mrs. Nichols and their little boy were introduced recently as
“fifteen cents” (three nickels).

       *       *       *       *       *

“Did your sister marry a rich husband?”

“No. He’s a rich man, but a poor husband.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“What’s your occupation?”

“I’m janitor of a car.”

“Well, I never heard of a car having a janitor. I’ve heard of the
janitor of a flat.”

“Well, this is a flat car.”

       *       *       *       *       *

I cut my dog’s tail off.

Did it make any difference with his carriage?

No, but it stopped his wagon.

       *       *       *       *       *

The drummer looked across the aisle. The seat beside the pretty girl
was vacant. Going over, he said: “Is this seat engaged?”

“No,” said the girl, “but I am; so it won’t do you any good.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“No more parlor matches. They’re against the law,” said Reginald.

“Come out on the veranda,” said Gladys, hastily leading the way.

       *       *       *       *       *

“I did a good thing to-day.”

“Where did you meet him?”

       *       *       *       *       *

“How long was your father in the penitentiary?”

“Ten years.”

“They weren’t in a hurry to let him out, were they?”

“No, you have to take your time there.”

       *       *       *       *       *

The other day I started on a business trip and told my wife I would not
be home that night. I missed the train and arrived home at about eleven
o’clock. My wife in answer to my ring called down: “Is that you, Jack?”
I remain at home now.

P. S.--My name is Bill.

       *       *       *       *       *

“My son tells me you have discharged him,” said the office boy’s
mother. “It’s very strange; you advertised for a strong boy and that’s
what he is----”

“He’s too strong, madam,” replied the employer; “in the single day
he was here he broke all the rules of this office and some of the
furniture.”

       *       *       *       *       *

A stout woman said to a little boy: “Can you tell me if I can get
through this gate to the park?”

He said: “I guess so. A load of hay just went through.”

       *       *       *       *       *

When your wife died, did she leave you any real estate?

Yes, she left the earth.

       *       *       *       *       *

My wife dresses out of sight.

That’s the proper place for her to dress.

       *       *       *       *       *

_Widson_--I wonder what induced Jumkins to marry his typewriter?

_Booler_--Why, didn’t you know that he’d been trying for years to get a
typewriter of his own?

       *       *       *       *       *

“Is your watch all right, now?”

“No, but it’s gaining.”

       *       *       *       *       *

George Little has a wife and nine children and only earns eight dollars
a week but he gets along splendidly.

How does he manage to do it on such a small salary?

Why, every little helps.

       *       *       *       *       *

The other day an ear of corn was run over by an automobile and three
kernels were killed.

       *       *       *       *       *

_She_--We haven’t seen much of you this week.

_He_--I saw a good deal--at least I saw you--er--last Tuesday.

_She_--Did you? Where was I? Cycling?

_He_--Not at the moment. You were just falling over the handles.

       *       *       *       *       *

I’ve got a brother that’s awful funny. People come from miles around to
see him cut up, he’s a butcher, and he always dresses to kill.

       *       *       *       *       *

“An Indiana man is making a study of perpetual motion.”

“What does he model it on?”

“His wife’s tongue.”

       *       *       *       *       *

Are you a carpenter?

Yes.

How would you make a Venetian blind?

Punch him in the eye.

       *       *       *       *       *

There was a piece of cold pudding on the lunch table and mamma divided
it between Willie and Elsie. Willie looked at his mother’s empty plate.

“Mamma,” he said, earnestly, “I can’t enjoy my pudding when you haven’t
any. Take Elsie’s.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“I wonder what makes so many letters go to the dead-letter office?”

“Why, I suppose it’s because the addresses are so perfectly killing.”

       *       *       *       *       *

Do you know that my little dog is dead?

I suppose he either swallowed a tape-line and died by inches, or else
went up the alley and died by the yard.

Oh, no, he crawled away up under the bed and died by the foot.

       *       *       *       *       *

_Husband_--Why are you so angry at the doctor?

_Wife_--When I told him I had a terrible tired feeling, he told me to
show him my tongue.

       *       *       *       *       *

In a prison scene, a man is supposed to be shot while filing the bars
of his cell in an effort to escape. The pistol failed to explode and
the prisoner finally dropped as though dead. The guard, whose pistol
refused to work, gazed at him in astonishment for a second, then with
great presence of mind, he raised both hands and exclaimed in a tone of
horror: “My God! He’s swallowed the file!”

       *       *       *       *       *

Show me a man who likes to be interrupted in the middle of a sentence.

All right. Come along with me to the nearest prison.

       *       *       *       *       *

“Poor Swickles thoroughly enjoyed life.”

“Yes, he enjoyed it so much that people are getting up a fund for his
widow and children.”

       *       *       *       *       *

My sister married a street-car conductor. They ain’t getting along very
well together.

Why don’t she get a transfer?

       *       *       *       *       *

“I’ll see you through,” as the surgeon said to the patient just before
turning on the _x_-rays.

       *       *       *       *       *

_Beggar_--Please give a poor old blind man a dime?

_Citizen_--Why, you can see out of one eye.

_Beggar_--Well, then, give me a nickel.

       *       *       *       *       *

“The other day, I saw a farmer on Fourteenth Street, so I asked him to
hold my cigar while I went into Huber’s. When I came out, he was there
with the cigar, all right.”

“Well, he wasn’t a farmer.”

“No? What was he?”

“A cigar-holder.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Doesn’t her hair look killing?”

“No wonder; it’s dyed.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“If they put the _x_-ray over the hand the bones will come right out.”

“Bring it over to the house fish day.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“How did you get your start in life?”

“My little sister shoved me downstairs.”

“No, no. I mean how did you earn your fortune?”

“I made all of my money selling wisdom.”

“Oh, then you were a bookseller.”

“No, I was a bookmaker.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Is your brother, the bank cashier, behind in his accounts?”

“No. The bank’s behind. My brother’s ahead.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“I lost my watch in the river three years ago, and it is still running.”

“The river?”

“The installment jeweler’s bill.”

       *       *       *       *       *

The man that makes bets is a gambler, and the man that don’t is no
bettor.

       *       *       *       *       *

I have got a smart little dog that tracked me for five miles by the
scent of my feet.

Why don’t you take a bath and fool him?

       *       *       *       *       *

“James, my son,” said the man, who stood mixing milk and water, “ye see
what I’m a-doin’ of?”

“Yes, father,” replied James; “you’re a-pouring water into the milk.”

“No, I’m not, James; I’m a-pouring milk into the water. So, if anybody
axes you if I put water into the milk, you tell ’em no. Allus stick to
the truth, James. Cheatin’ is bad enough, but lyin’ is wuss.”

       *       *       *       *       *

_Whyte_--I always make it a rule to kiss my wife whenever I leave the
house in the morning and when I come home at night.

_Browne_--That’s right. I would if I were you.

       *       *       *       *       *

“Gracious me! I think papa is going to take that young man into the
family.”

“Why, dear?”

“Well, when they were playing cards last night I distinctly heard papa
say: ‘I think I’ll raise you, Harry.’”

       *       *       *       *       *

“It looks like thirty cents, doesn’t it?”

“What does?”

“A nickel and a quarter.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“How does your brother like the job of running an elevator?”

“Oh, he’s taken up with it.”

       *       *       *       *       *

_Dusty Dolittle_--De old guy offered me a job turning a grindstone!

_Weary Willie_--Wasn’t yer shocked?

_Dusty Dolittle_--Shocked! Why, I didn’t know which way to turn.

       *       *       *       *       *

Where are you living now?

Up in the tenth story of a brick building.

Have you got any children?

No, the elevator is broke, and we can’t raise them.

       *       *       *       *       *

“See here, waiter! Do you call that roast beef? It’s nothing but
cow-hide!”

“What do you expect for a twenty-five cent dinner? Morocco?”

       *       *       *       *       *

Mrs. Tizzletop overheard her son, Johnny, swear like a trooper.

“Why, Johnny,” she exclaimed, “Who taught you to swear like that?”

“Taught me to swear,” exclaimed Johnny, “Why, it’s me who teaches the
other boys.”

       *       *       *       *       *

_Guest_--“What are these chops, lamb or pork?”

_Waiter_--“Can’t you tell by the taste?”

_Guest_--“No.”

_Waiter_--“Well then, what difference does it make?”

       *       *       *       *       *

Do you think it is possible for a thing that has no life to move?

I have seen a watch spring, a match box, a plank walk and a banana
stand. I have even seen a cat fish, and a horse fly.

       *       *       *       *       *

Before marriage, he sits and holds her hand. He don’t dare let go. If
he did she’d pick his pockets. After marriage, there’s rent to pay. And
there’s the coal bill to pay. And there’s the butcher to pay. Then his
mother-in-law comes to visit him and there’s the devil to pay.

       *       *       *       *       *

Is the Lord everywhere?

Yes, my child.

Is he in our cellar?

Yes, dear.

He is not. We have no cellar.

       *       *       *       *       *

A Chinaman is the greatest curiosity in the world because he has a head
and tail on the same end.

       *       *       *       *       *

_Wife_--How did you get along while I was away?

_Husband_--I kept house for about ten days, and then I went boarding.

_Wife_--Boarding! Why didn’t you go on keeping house?

_Husband_--Couldn’t; all the dishes were dirty.

       *       *       *       *       *

“What makes you so foolish?”

“It’s my mother’s fault.”

“Why, how is that?”

“She made me sleep under a crazy quilt.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“And we have one baby,” said the meek man, who was applying for board;
“will you mind it?”

“Mind it!” snapped the thin-faced landlady. “Of course not! Do you
think I’m a nurse?”

       *       *       *       *       *

“What did you get that bronze medal for?”

“For singing.”

“What did you get the gold one for?”

“For quitting.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“I saw a couple of blue jays on Broadway, yesterday.”

“Yes. In a millinery store?”

“No, alive. They were jays from the country and they were blue with
cold.”

       *       *       *       *       *

_Tourist_--“Pretty dull around here.”

_Rube_--“Jest now ’tis. Yew wait a couple of months and see how this
place’ll be stirred up.”

_Tourist_--“What’s going to happen?”

_Rube_--“Ploughin’.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“I went into Macy’s last summer to get my wife a shirt-waist. She
wanted something extremely thin. So I said to the floor-walker, ‘Will
you show me the thinnest thing you’ve got in a shirt-waist?’”

“He said, ‘I would, but she’s just gone to lunch.’”

       *       *       *       *       *

“If I like the Waldorf Astoria I’m going to buy it.”

“And if I was as drunk as you are I’d sell it to you right now.”

       *       *       *       *       *

What is your business?

I am a diamond cutter.

Where did you ever cut any diamonds?

Out at the baseball grounds. I used to cut the grass off of the diamond.

       *       *       *       *       *

A woman got on a car with a baby. I began to look at it and she said,
“Rubber.” I said, “Is that so? I thought it was real.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“That was a handsome woman in the pink tights.”

“What was the color of her hair?”

“I didn’t notice her face.”

       *       *       *       *       *

How do you like married life?

Oh, I live like a bird.

How is that?

I have to fly for my life.

       *       *       *       *       *

“They say that the blind can determine color by the sense of touch?”

“Sure, I once knew a blind man who was able to tell a red-hot stove by
merely putting his finger on it.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“By the way, did you recover the umbrella you lost last week?”

“No; but I recovered a better one that I didn’t lose.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Is that punch bowl cut glass?”

“Yes. Cut from $2 to $1.98.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“A man said to me to-day, ‘where did you get that face?’ I told him
that it belonged to me, and he said he didn’t know but that I’d beat a
bull-dog out of it. The idea. You know a man can’t choose his face, nor
his hair nor his eyes. He’s lucky if he can pick his teeth.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“His father is the meanest man I ever knew. He never buys any coal. He
lives near a railroad and makes faces at the engineer.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“I saw your sister on the street to-day.”

“How was she looking?”

“I don’t know. I didn’t see her face.”

“How did you know it was my sister?”

“Oh, I’m quick at figures.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“What do you take for the grip?”

“Oh, I get it without taking anything.”

       *       *       *       *       *

You know that fifty-dollar watch I used to carry?

Yes.

I pawned it for five dollars.

That’s time wasted.

       *       *       *       *       *

_Old Lady_ (sniffing)--“What’s that odor I smell?”

_Farmer_--“That’s fertilizer.”

_Old Lady_ (astonished)--“For the land’s sake!”

_Farmer_--“Yes, ma’am.”

       *       *       *       *       *

I went into a restaurant to-day and the girl who came to take my order
said: “I’ve got calves’ brains, frog’s legs, chicken’s liver, and--” I
interrupted her. I said, “You ought to see a doctor.”

       *       *       *       *       *

When a boy is too old to sleep with his parents, what do they do with
him?

I suppose they get him a bed of his own.

No. They boycott him.

       *       *       *       *       *

_Critic_--Your work seems a little raw.

_Poet_--It oughtn’t to be. It’s been roasted enough.

       *       *       *       *       *

My sister’s husband got a divorce from her.

What for?

For making bad coffee.

That was poor grounds.

       *       *       *       *       *

_Bill_--Your friend Crimsonbeak reminds me of the moon.

_Jill_--Because he’s out late nights?

_Bill_--No; because he appears to be brightest when full.

       *       *       *       *       *

“We never remember the faces of those we love most dearly.”

“That’s so! To save me I can’t tell what a hundred-dollar-bill looks
like!”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Didn’t I tell you I wanted you to run an errand for me?” asked the
mother the third time.

“Yes, maw,” said Johnnie, laying down his literature.

And as the boy started to the grocery he muttered to himself: “I hope
Seven-fingered Sam won’t kill Old Sleuth ’till I git back.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“How did you know that Charlie Coleman was a teacher?”

“Didn’t you see me look into his eyes?”

“Yes.”

“I could see his pupils.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“I’m following the horses now.”

“Are you beating them?”

“No. I lost my whip.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“You remind me of a river.”

“How so?”

“The biggest part of you is your mouth.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“I dreamed last night, that I had a million dollars.”

“I thought so. I spoke to you twice during the night and you never
noticed me.”

       *       *       *       *       *

_Myra_--“What kind of a husband would you advise me to get?”

_Jessie_--“You get a single man and let the husbands alone.”

       *       *       *       *       *

_Hiram_--“Yew must of felt all-fired sheepish when yew got buncoed by
thet there confidence feller.”

_Josh_--“Naturally; didn’t I get fleeced?”

       *       *       *       *       *

“I don’t see how she can marry such a little man. Why, she could carry
him in her pocket.”

“Oh, dear, no! Never fear. He’ll be out of pocket all the time after he
marries her.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“How long do you expose a plate in taking a picture?”

“Oh, about three seconds.”

“Well, suppose it’s a living picture?”

“No limit.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“What caused the death of Mary Murphy?”

“She dreamt she was a frog and croaked.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“It was my good fortune that my ancestors came over in the Mayflower,”
said Miss South Church.

“May flour,” replied Miss Hennepin, who did not quite understand. “Our
folks made their fortune in September wheat.”

       *       *       *       *       *

What is an Island?

A pimple on the Ocean.

What is a strait?

Nine, ten, Jack, Queen, King.

       *       *       *       *       *

“What did you steal that cradle for?”

“Oh, just for a kid.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Why, the bare idea!”

“Of what, dear?”

“Telling the naked truth!”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Are you going to the seashore this summer?”

“Not me; I was bored almost to death there last year.”

“Not enough men?”

“No; too many mosquitoes.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Say, there ain’t no bell in my room.”

“Well, if youse want anyt’ing, wring de towel. See?”

       *       *       *       *       *

“I was down to the race track yesterday and played a horse 20 to 1.”

“Well?”

“He didn’t come in until quarter to six.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Airships will be all the rage soon.”

“Well, it is nothing unusual for people to fly in a rage.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Seeing is believing, you know.”

“Not always. I see you frequently, but I seldom believe you.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“What is a profitless enterprise?”

“Telling hair-raising stories to a baldheaded man.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“After all a hammock is nothing but a net.”

“You are right. Many a girl makes a good catch in one.”

       *       *       *       *       *

I see there is a plan to tax the barbers of Kansas City, Kan., $1 each
annually--won’t it work a hardship on them?

They can easily scrape up the money.

       *       *       *       *       *

“That young man who calls on you twice a week stays too late. You will
have to sit down on him.”

“Why, I do, mamma.”

       *       *       *       *       *

Do you know Minnie Fish?

Yes, I’m going to drop her a line.

       *       *       *       *       *

“Does your wife miss you when you are away from home?”

“No; but she frequently misses me when I’m at home.”

“How’s that?”

“Her aim isn’t accurate.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“My tailor called with his little bill yesterday.”

“I know how that is, old man. You have my sympathy.”

“Oh, don’t waste your sympathy on me. Sympathize with the tailor.”

       *       *       *       *       *

Did you hear about Waters the iceman?

No! what about him?

Why, he went on the stage.

Was he a success?

No, he was a frost.

       *       *       *       *       *

“I’ll never forget the night you proposed. You acted like a fish out of
water.”

“Yes, I was a sucker.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“By the way, can you pay that little bill of mine to-day?”

“Well, I should say not. Why, I can’t even pay my own little bills.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Every time I take a drink of whiskey it goes to my head.”

“Sure; it wants to get where it won’t be crowded.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“My, but you have large ears!”

“Yes. All I lack is your brains to be a perfect donkey.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Does your wife ever send for you if you happen to stay out late?”

“No, she waits until I get home, then she goes for me.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“The discipline in the navy is very strict, isn’t it?”

“So strict that they even dock a vessel that can’t keep up with the
rest.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“What are you crying about?”

“Oh, they are not regular tears.”

“What are they, then?”

“They’re just volunteers.”

       *       *       *       *       *

I heard your father was a prominent figure in Wall Street and made lots
of dust.

Yes, he was a street-sweeper.

       *       *       *       *       *

“Do you think there is much difference between this world and the next?”

“Yes, there’s a hell of a difference for some.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Have you received last month’s gas bill, dear?”

“Yes, husband.”

“Well, what’s the charge of the light brigade?”

       *       *       *       *       *

“We had short-cake for tea.”

“So had we; so short it didn’t go round!”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Pa, did you know ma long before you married her?”

“No, my boy, I didn’t know her until long after I married her!”

       *       *       *       *       *

Anybody can lead a horse to a drinking place, but nobody can force him
to drink. How different it is with men!

       *       *       *       *       *

_Riggs_--“Where did you get that black eye?”

_Jiggs_--“Told the conductor I was travelling on my face, and he
punched the ticket.”

       *       *       *       *       *

_Ethics Prof._--What becomes of a drinker when he dies?

_S. S._--Why, since his “spirit” is gone, he gets a “bier.”

       *       *       *       *       *

Do you like corn on the ear?

I never had one there.

       *       *       *       *       *

_Bill_--Do you think betting is wrong.

_Jill_--Well, the way I bet generally is.

       *       *       *       *       *

“I’ve lost my ring, Bridget.”

“Phwy don’t ye advertise, mum, an’ no questions asked?”

“What good would it do?”

“Ye moight foind it, mum. Me lasht misthress did, an’ Oi got the
reward.”

       *       *       *       *       *

A farmer’s wagon loaded with butter broke down. It stuck fast in a mud
hole and the horse couldn’t start it. “It’s no use, Mister,” said a
small boy. “Your old horse ain’t strong enough. Take him out an’ hitch
in a roll of yer butter.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“What is your brother doing?”

“Six months.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Why did Brother Dick shoot that poor crow?”

“I think, my dear girl, it was because the crow gave him caws.”

       *       *       *       *       *

_Bill_--That man is a horrible liar.

_Jill_--Oh, I don’t know, I think he’s very good at it.

       *       *       *       *       *

“My landlord is a checker-player.”

“What makes you think so?”

“He told me it was my move.”

“Yes?”

“And if I didn’t move right away, he’d make me jump.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“You say his wife’s a brunette? I thought he married a blonde.”

“He did, but she dyed.”

       *       *       *       *       *

You ought to learn violin.

Why?

It will give your chin a rest.

       *       *       *       *       *

“The trouble with you,” the doctor said, after examining the young man,
“seems to be that something is the matter with your heart.”

“With my heart?”

“Yes. To give it a name, it is angina pectoris.”

“You’ll have to guess again, doctor,” said the young man. “That isn’t
her name at all.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Do you know what it is to love a woman?”

“Do I? Why, I idealized a woman once, but she married.” [Sadly.]

“Whom did she marry?”

“Me.”

       *       *       *       *       *

_He_--Why has he put her picture in his watch?

_She_--Because he thinks she will love him in time.

       *       *       *       *       *

_She_--My but I was shy when the parson asked me my age.

_He_--Yes, about ten years shy.

       *       *       *       *       *

“I took a tramp up to Harlem to-day.”

“Did you leave him there?”

       *       *       *       *       *

_Jack_--“Do you think a fellow ought to be locked up for stealing
kisses?”

_Flo_--“Well, I think he ought to be _tied_ up.”

       *       *       *       *       *

_Young Wife_--“How do you like my cooking? Don’t you think I’ve begun
well?”

_Husband_--“Um--yes. I’ve often heard that well begun is half done.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“He is a dealer in drawing materials.”

“Crayons?”

“No, mustard plasters.”

       *       *       *       *       *

_Harry_--Hello, Charlie, what do you think happened to me the other
day--I was riding on a Sixth Avenue car when a very fine young lady
entered the car and I immediately arose and gave the lady my seat.

_Charlie_--That was proper, perfectly proper.

_Harry_--Well, I only done it to see how I stood.

       *       *       *       *       *

They had fallen out of a balloon and landed on the skylight of one of
the skyscrapers.

“Where are we at?” said the bride, as they came through and landed on
the floor.

“Scotland.”

“How do you know?”

“Didn’t you hear the Glass-go!”

       *       *       *       *       *

“I would have gone to sleep on an empty stomach last night, only for
one thing.”

“What was that--some one take you out for dinner?”

“No, I slept on my back.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Where were you?”

“Down on Wall Street.”

“Well, what were you doing down there?”

“Buying wall paper.”

       *       *       *       *       *

_She_--Yes, my husband run away and shook me when I was forty-five.

_He_--That’s not a bad shake.

       *       *       *       *       *

Are they twins?

They are not. Wan is a bhoy and the ither a ghurl.

       *       *       *       *       *

“What do you suppose makes our gas bill so large?”

“Why, George, don’t you know we are light house keeping.”

       *       *       *       *       *

When does the bank cashier buy a yacht?

When he’s going to be a skipper.

       *       *       *       *       *

“There is one thing you can’t get right unless you get it twisted.”

“What is that?”

“A corkscrew.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Why, papa, this is roast beef!” exclaimed little Archie at dinner, on
the evening when Mr. Chumpleigh was present as the guest of honor.

“Of course,” said the father. “What of that?”

“Why, you told mamma this morning that you were going to bring a
‘muttonhead’ home for dinner this evening.”

       *       *       *       *       *

I saw a sign in front of a fish store that said “Dry Herring.” I went
in and said, “Mister, do you keep dry herring?” The storekeeper said,
“Yes.” I said, “Why don’t you give them a drink?”

       *       *       *       *       *

“He doesn’t cut any ice, does he?”

“Who?”

“The coal man.”

       *       *       *       *       *

_Woods_--Who is the champion light-weight in your town?

_Lewis_--My grocer.

       *       *       *       *       *

“She asked her husband for a thousand dollars and he gave her assent.”

“The mean thing!”

       *       *       *       *       *

A thief was lately caught breaking into a song. He had already got
through the first two bars, when a policeman came up and hit him with a
club.

       *       *       *       *       *

A young man asked a widow to marry him.

“What’s the difference between myself and Willard Pond’s Jersey cow?”
asked the widow.

“I don’t know,” said the young man.

“Then,” said the widow, “you’d better marry the cow.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“How did that fight between the bridge tenders end?”

“It was fought to a draw--and they both fell in!”

       *       *       *       *       *

My girl gave me a tintype picture of herself. I put it in my pocket and
went a few steps further, and fell. When I got up, she says, “Are you
hurt?” I said, “Yes.” She said, “Where?” I said, “Not on your tintype.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Waitress, will that roll be long?”

“No, sir; it will be round in a minute.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“The boss said I was too full of my business.”

“What’s your biz?”

“Whiskey traveller.”

       *       *       *       *       *

_Biggs_--That butcher is an awkward fellow.

_Boggs_--Yes, I notice his hands are always in his weigh.

       *       *       *       *       *

_Boss_ (lecturing)--And remember, when a little boy disobeys me, then I
use force.

_Boy_--Force?

_Boss_--Yes, force.

_Boy_--Ever tried Grape-Nuts?

       *       *       *       *       *

_Percy_--“The new cook is very tall, isn’t she?”

_Harold_--“Yes; but it isn’t likely she’ll stay long.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“I want something striking for a wedding present.”

“Yes, sir, the clock department is on the fourth floor.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Is your friend the dentist a society chap?”

“Well, in one way. He attends lots of swell gatherings.”

       *       *       *       *       *

A man lost three hundred dollars in a railway station and returned and
told the crowd he would give seventy-five dollars for the return of the
money. One man said he’d give a hundred and another man said he’d give
two hundred. When I left they had bid it up to a thousand.

       *       *       *       *       *

“I can tell you how much water runs over Niagara Falls to a quart.”

“How much?”

“Two pints.”

       *       *       *       *       *

Willie said that his mother had a very cruel cook. He said that he
heard her talk about beating the eggs, whipping the cream, stoning the
raisins, mashing the potatoes and pounding the steak.

       *       *       *       *       *

What’s the difference between a Dutchman and an Irishman?

When a Dutchman is dead he’s dead, isn’t he?

When an Irishman is dead you have to watch him for three or four days
after.

       *       *       *       *       *

_She_ (disgustedly)--Drunk again?

_He_--Hic, so am I.

       *       *       *       *       *

The fellow in the next room to me last night made an awful lot of
noise, his wooden leg pained him.

How could that be?

His wife hit him over the head with it.

       *       *       *       *       *

_Percy_--“Was it because your brother took his typewriter out to lunch
that all the trouble came about?”

_Harold_--“Oh, no, it wasn’t that! It was because his wife found it
out.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“How do you tell the age of a turkey?”

“By the teeth.”

“A turkey hasn’t got teeth!”

“No; but I have.”

       *       *       *       *       *

B’ginger I went into a Turkish bath an’ gin a feller a dollar outen
m’wallet and he laid me out onto a slab and derned if he didn’t scrub
me with a brick. Wall, I asked him what in thunder he was doin’ and he
said: “Scouring the country for money.”

       *       *       *       *       *

I have got a brother in New York that didn’t eat there for two weeks.

When was that?

That was when he was in Chicago.

       *       *       *       *       *

I always put my money under the mattress at night.

Why?

So I’ll have something to fall back on.

       *       *       *       *       *

You can’t guess what I saw on the hind of a street-car to-day.

I don’t know, what did you see?

The conductor.

       *       *       *       *       *

“That’s a nice pair of pants you’ve got on. Where did you get them?”

“Bought ’em.”

“Does your wife choose your clothes?”

“No, she only picks the pockets!”

       *       *       *       *       *

Let’s see. Your father’s a carriage-builder, isn’t he?

Yes. That’s the reason I’m buggy.

       *       *       *       *       *

When did your teeth first begin troubling you?

When I was cutting them.

       *       *       *       *       *

“I saw a goblet to-day made of bone.”

“Pshaw! I saw a tumbler made of flesh and blood last night.”

“Where?”

“At the circus.”

       *       *       *       *       *

If I had not defended that man he would have gone to State’s prison for
ten years.

What did they do with him?

They hung him.

       *       *       *       *       *

“There’s a poor man out there that would give anything to see you.”
“Who is it?” “A blind man.”

       *       *       *       *       *

_Tourist_--“I suppose I can’t get a train for three hours?”

_Station Agent_--“O, yes; your train leaves in five minutes.”

_Tourist_--“Ah! That’s a great wait off my mind.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Where are you going?” asked a little boy of another, who had slipped
and fallen on an icy pavement. “Going to get up!” was the blunt reply.

       *       *       *       *       *

“I was hit in the head with a ball bat when very young.”

“And you’ve been off your base ever since.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“My wife is a great admirer of beauty.”

“She must have changed since she married you.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Why is a kiss like the three graces?”

“It’s faith to a girl; hope to a young woman; and charity to an old
maid.”

       *       *       *       *       *

An old lady, being told that a certain lawyer “was lying at the point
of death,” exclaimed: “My Gracious! Won’t even death stop that man’s
lying?”

       *       *       *       *       *

Suppose you had a buggy-top and five cents, what would you do?

I would buy a fine comb.

       *       *       *       *       *

A butcher-boy in Washington Market says he has often heard of the
_fore_ quarters of the globe, but never heard any person say anything
about the _hind_ quarters.

       *       *       *       *       *

“What is it that goes with the train, stops when it stops, that’s no
use to it, and yet it can’t go ten yards without it?”

“Give it up.”

“The noise!”

       *       *       *       *       *

“I believe that man Swindler is a palmist.”

“Why?”

“Played poker with him last night, when I got up to get a drink he
looked at my hand.”

       *       *       *       *       *

I was arrested the other day for larceny. When I came before the judge
he said: “Young man, you’re arrested for picking the pocket of an old
man.” I said: “Your honor, I took them in rotation, just as they came
in the crowd.”

       *       *       *       *       *

_She_--Do you believe there are microbes in kisses?

_He_--I never believe anything without investigation.

       *       *       *       *       *

“My wife was very sick the other night and I thought she would die. She
moaned and groaned and tossed about and kicked all the bed covers off
her.”

“Well, what then?”

“I put the covers back and then she recovered.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“I want a dog-collar.”

“Yes, sir,” replied the absent-minded man behind the counter. “What
size shirt do you wear?”

       *       *       *       *       *

“That’s a mighty becoming dress you are wearing.”

“Becoming? Why, it hides my figure completely!”

“That’s what I said.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“I wonder why it is that people cry at weddings?”

“I guess it is because they’ve been married themselves and they haven’t
got the heart to laugh.”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Please, I want to buy a dollar’s worth of hay.”

“Is it for your father?”

“Oh, no; it’s for the horse; father doesn’t eat hay!”

       *       *       *       *       *

“Why didn’t you eat your breakfast this morning?”

“’Twasn’t fit for a hog to eat.”




THE STUDENT’S Manual of Phonic Shorthand

PRICE 30 CENTS.

[Illustration: THE LORD’S PRAYER]

The contents of this book is a complete introduction to the
Stenographic Art, as used for Business Correspondence and Verbatim
Reporting. Illustrated by Plates having Printed Keys, which are based
wholly upon a system that has been reduced to every-day practice. The
Signs are all constructed on simple plans, and can be read easier
than the plainest printed copy. Each sign indicates a sound. A boy of
12, by this method, will learn in a week what would take an adult a
year by the old way. Illustrated with Numerous Examples. Any one can,
in a short time, Report Sermons, Speeches, Trials, etc., with ease
and rapidity. Many girls and boys, from this book alone, have become
splendid Reporters, and are now receiving from $1,500 to $2,000 a year
as Expert Stenographers. You can perfect yourself in a short time, so
that you will have a Life Occupation--one that always commands a high
salary. It is not a difficult study. It will be of immense value to any
young man or woman. This is really the only Simple and Practical Book
on Shorthand published, and it will prove a profitable investment.
It will be sent by mail, postpaid, to any address, on receipt of
=30 Cents=.

--> _Persons in Foreign Countries must remit by POST-OFFICE MONEY
ORDER._

--> _FOREIGN COIN, STAMPS, OR POSTAL NOTES NOT ACCEPTED._

Address all orders to WEHMAN BROS., 158 Park Row, New York.




WEHMAN BROS.’ _COMPLETE_ Letter-Writer

Or the New Art of Polite Correspondence.

PRICE 30 CENTS.

[Illustration]

Adapted for both sexes. This is the best letter-writer published.
It teaches how to write a letter on any subject out of the writer’s
own head, or to compose a first-class, intelligent business letter,
or a love letter or a friendly letter. It gives as samples hundreds
of letters of every kind, and shows you how to carry on a long
correspondence with a lady or a gentleman--letters that will never
fail to penetrate the heart. No other book has this =Mystery of
Secret Correspondence=. Only French books have it. It is the book to
refer to when you want to write what you cannot find words to express.
It opens all the little rivulets that start from the soul, enabling
you to write on any topic with ease and elegance; or how to write a
complimentary note, or how to write for the press. Rules on spelling
correctly, on punctuation, on directing letters, and an immense amount
of information not to be found in any other book. There are many
young people who are good scholars, but who are woefully deficient
in ordinary letter-writing. They receive letters from friends, that
they postpone answering on account of their own ignorance of elegant
letter-writing, until at last they remain unanswered, and they lose
their correspondent. Many a son or daughter at school, receives
beautiful letters from home, and wonder why he or she cannot write
such letters in return. It is because they need practical instruction
in letter-writing. It will be sent by mail, postpaid, on receipt of
=30 Cents=.

--> _Persons in Foreign Countries must remit by POST-OFFICE MONEY
ORDER._

--> _FOREIGN COIN, STAMPS, OR POSTAL NOTES NOT ACCEPTED._

Address all orders to WEHMAN BROS., 158 Park Row, New York.




Wehman Bros.’ Book of 1000 WAYS TO GET RICH

Price 30 Cents.

[Illustration]

To those that work hard for a mere existence, we have a few plain words
to say. Every person wants to make money, and wants to make it fast
and easily. This book will tell them how. Many worthy people grow gray
from hard work and have nothing to show for it. It is such people we
address. Among the valuable secrets in this really great book there
are many that require no capital and but little labor with no special
ability. With any one of these recipes you can make money ten times
easier than you could by hard work, and be your own master at that.
This book is crammed full of recipes that will help you become rich
quickly. Not by peddling and forcing sales, but by making things that
nearly everybody will buy. No such word as “fail” about it. All the
operations can be done in your own town. No “gift of gab” necessary.
The things will sell themselves. No capital required to begin. The
money rolls in from the start. It will be sent by mail, postpaid, on
receipt of =30 Cents=.

Address WEHMAN BROS., 158 Park Row, New York.




HERMANN’S ART OF MAGIC

PRICE 30 CENTS.

[Illustration]

A practical treatise on how to perform modern tricks, by Prof. Hermann.
Great care has been exercised by the author to include in this
book only such tricks as have never before appeared in print. This
assures the performer a secret and almost endless fund for suitable
material to be used on all occasions. With little practice, almost
any one can perform the more simple tricks, and with practice, as he
becomes more adept, he can perform the most difficult ones. No book
published contains a greater variety of material for conjurors and
sleight-of-hand performers than this book. Coins, cards, silk hat,
handkerchiefs, balls, are all introduced in the many programs offered,
thus affording one an endless variety from which to select for parlor
or stage entertainments. Price =30 Cents=, by mail, postpaid.

Address WEHMAN BROS., 158 Park Row, New York.




MORGAN’S _EXPOSE OF_ FREEMASONRY

PRICE 35 CENTS.

[Illustration]

It contains all the degrees conferred by a master’s lodge, as written
by Capt. William Morgan.

By GEORGE K. CRAFTS,

formerly Thrice Puissant Grand Master of Manitou Council, New York.
It will be sent by mail, postpaid, to any address, on receipt of
=35 Cents=.

Address all orders to WEHMAN BROS., 158 Park Row, New York.




WEHMAN’S MINSTREL SKETCHES, CONUNDRUMS and JOKES

PRICE 30 CENTS.

[Illustration]

A book full and running over with side-splitting fun. It contains
conundrums that will set the whole continent guessing, and then they’ll
have to “give ’em up” half the time. Jokes and gags for end men--the
best lot of these funny questions and answers ever published. Negro
sketches--the minstrel and showman will find in this book all the
sketches they want to set a house in a rip-roarious laughter. It also
contains the latest jokes that were sprung by the most successful
minstrel shows and the most successful comedians throughout this
country and the United Kingdom. In fact, it is pre-eminently the best
and most comprehensive collection of sketches, conundrums and jokes put
on the market at so low a price. It will be sent by mail, postpaid, to
any address, on receipt of =30 Cents=.

Address all orders to WEHMAN BROS., 158 Park Row, New York.




Wehman’s Book of 700 Secrets; or How to GET RICH WHEN YOUR POCKETS
ARE EMPTY.

Price 30 Cents.

[Illustration]

A $2.00 book for 30 cents. Reader, are you poor? This may be the
stepping-stone to your future prosperity. It will lead you to something
that is just as sure to pave your way to fortune as that you now exist.
A bright future is yours if you only stretch out your hand and grasp
the golden key that unlocks the vault that opens to your astonished
gaze the hidden treasure. Any person, male or female, married or
single, with just a little pluck, will be enabled with any one of the
700 receipts in this book to make a start on the sure road to wealth
and luxury. Sent by mail, postpaid, on receipt of =30 Cents=.

Address all orders to WEHMAN BROS., 158 Park Row, New York.




THE MYSTERY OF Love, Courtship and Marriage Explained

PRICE 30 CENTS.

[Illustration]

This book explains how maidens may become happy wives, and bachelors
become happy husbands, in a brief space of time and by easy methods.
Also, complete directions for declaring intentions, accepting vows,
and retaining affection both before and after marriage, describing
the invitations, the dresses, the ceremony, and the proper behavior
of both bride and bridegroom, whether in public or behind the nuptial
curtain. It also tells plainly how to begin courting, the way to get
over bashfulness, the way to “sit up,” the way to find the soft spot
in a sweetheart’s breast, the way to write a love letter, the way to
easily win a girl’s consent, the way to “do up things” before and after
engagement, and hundreds of other things of vast importance to lovers.
Sent by mail, postpaid, on receipt of =30 Cents=.

Address all orders to WEHMAN BROS., 158 Park Row, New York.




Hoffman’s TRICKS WITH CARDS Price 30 Cents.

[Illustration]

Containing all the modern tricks, diversions and sleight-of-hand
deceptions, with descriptive diagrams, showing how to make the pass; to
force a card; to make a false shuffle; to palm a card; to ruffle the
cards; to change a card; to get sight of a drawn card; to slip a card;
to draw back a card; to turn over the pack; to spring the cards from
one hand to the other; to throw a card; simple modes of discovering
a given card; to make a card vanish from the pack and be found in a
person’s pocket; to place the four kings in different parts of the
pack, and to bring them together by a simple cut; to allow a person
to think of a card, and to make that card appear at such number in
the pack as another person shall name; to guess four cards thought
of by different persons. Sent by mail, postpaid, on receipt of
=30 Cents=.

WEHMAN BROS., 158 PARK ROW, NEW YORK CITY.




NAPOLEON’S =ORACULUM= AND BOOK OF FATE

(32 QUESTIONS),

PRICE 30 CENTS.

[Illustration]

Being a complete fortune-teller that embraces næviology, or
fortune-telling by moles; physiognomy, or the art of fortune-telling by
the lines and forms of the face, hair, eyes, etc.; rules for finding
the natural temperament of any person.

---- ALSO----

FORTUNE-TELLING BY CARDS;

together with palmistry, or judgments drawn from the hand and from the
nails of the fingers; fortune-telling by the grounds of the coffee-cup;
charms, spells, incantations, etc.; signs of a speedy marriage and
how to choose good husbands and wives; also fortune-telling by dice,
fortunate and unfortunate days, etc. Price =30 Cents=, by mail,
postpaid. Address WEHMAN BROS., 158 PARK ROW, NEW YORK CITY.




Transcriber’s Note:

Perceived printer errors have been changed.





End of Project Gutenberg's Wehman Bros.' Vaudeville Jokes No. 1., by Anonymous

*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK WEHMAN BROS.' VAUDEVILLE JOKES #1 ***

***** This file should be named 60973-0.txt or 60973-0.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.org/6/0/9/7/60973/

Produced by David Edwards, Sue Clark, and the Online
Distributed Proofreading Team at http://www.pgdp.net

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive
specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of this
eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook
for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports,
performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given
away--you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks
not protected by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the
trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country outside the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you
  are located before using this ebook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and The
Project Gutenberg Trademark LLC, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org



Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is in Fairbanks, Alaska, with the
mailing address: PO Box 750175, Fairbanks, AK 99775, but its
volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous
locations. Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt
Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up to
date contact information can be found at the Foundation's web site and
official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

For additional contact information:

    Dr. Gregory B. Newby
    Chief Executive and Director
    gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

